hey guys Timmy telling y'all how to make
a simple Alabama Rig that looks like
this
what you're gonna need is five swivels
we got these at Michaels and they're
there's little stem wires if you can
read that out there and then we have a
cutting plier that has this little
circle thing so you can clamp down and
then we need some bent wires that's
circular let's get started so first
thing you're gonna need is two or three
of these three it's better than two so
what you're gonna do is you're gonna get
two of them and you're going to bend
them toi they're in a circular like that
make the ends meet
you're just gonna pull this this is the
most the best way to get it that's what
I think instead just folding them do
them evenly and so okay after you do
that you're gonna get these and you're
gonna put this little circular part
you're gonna slide and bend it in and
you're gonna put it together and press
down until it touches it you can't go
any more and then you're gonna like this
you're gonna put one right there
like that okay and we're gonna twist it
twice by holding this and getting this
and twisting this wood like that okay
and that is like the base this is the
base of this rig and now we're going to
put those in there just make sure that
they don't go out like that and we're
going to get our third wire and we're
going to this put this in anymore that
works like right there and we're just
going to start twisting it around so we
already twisted it a little bit but
we're going to better base for it so
that doesn't come apart when you're
fishing does that be a bad thing and
we're just gonna start twisting like
this
until you use up the whole wire you can
take this out and you can hold it with
the Pyro's right here so that it's you
can get more real to twist the wire on
make sure this wire is twisted tight you
don't want this to be slipping around
all over and once you're done with this
you're gonna put it you're gonna clamp
it down and you're just going to hold it
like this and just going to clamp it
down make sure it's all tight make sure
this little is right here you're gonna
pretty swivel I'm gonna put it like this
you're gonna put it on like that right
there
okay and the next thing we're going to
do is we're gonna make the little the
little circles tore we can put these
swivels on here so you're gonna take
this one this part the circular own and
you're gonna put it with a little tiny
bit of wire and we're just going to wrap
it around until it goes and gets like
this right there and then we're gonna
slide this end on if you have to you
might have to go out a little bit so it
and get it on and right here we're going
to use this this tool I'm gonna put it
on the inside again and we're just gonna
clamp down and we're gonna get this tool
and we're going to make sure this that
this wire doesn't come undone
like that says that won't come in a dome
with baskets on it okay now we're gonna
do a wood rest of them okay twist it put
this one
clamp it with the Porsche
make sure this is straight to oh and
once you finish these two you can
position these anywhere you want
so you can position them really wide so
they don't get caught big position
clothes anywhere works don'ts for the
other two
one use these parts of campus you don't
want any sharp end sticking out so
doesn't click on the bass one accident
that be a bad thing
okay in the last one
okay and that's a basic Alabama Rig I do
it right there and you can position
these anywhere you need to anything you
want so let's check out our website
check out our YouTube videos thank you